hello everyone this is dances with
Smurfs and today I'm going to be playing
some ground war TDM using the OGG on the
map cracked today's commentary is going
to be about black ops pretty much the
the footage that you want to see in
black ops of videos that you want me to
post and stuff like that because modern
warfare 3 it's coming out pretty soon I
think Monica three comes out in like one
and a half more months something like
that so yeah it's coming real students
right around the corner and yeah I want
to post as many black ops videos as I
can before modern warfare 3 comes out
before everybody just stops watching
black ops videos unless if like you're a
true diehard fan of black off you just
love black ops so much that you will
never like leave it but yeah before I
start off the commentary I just want to
say that you know I'm a little bit sick
my throats hurting right now my throats
hurting so bad I'm trying to sound as
normal as possible without you know just
having like an itchy throat and stuff
like that because why my throat is sore
and also my nose is plugged up so that's
why I kind of sound like this and
hopefully I don't mess up throughout the
commentary just because you know I'm a
mess at the moment I'm just sick I don't
know how I became sick but yeah anyway
starting off the commentary black ops
black ops probably has just one more
month to live until modern warfare 3
comes out and yeah pretty much in black
ops I just want to post videos that
people would enjoy watching people that
people would want to see there's one
video that I posted in you know that got
so much feedback and it was a lot of
positive feedback the black ops gun game
humiliation reactions or whatever the
knife will anything yeah people people
love that you know because people just
forget video games remain for fun people
people just play video games now I like
to win like they're they're just so like
true to it they just want to win that's
the only thing why they play video games
blah but video games are just for fun
and yeah people forget that so you know
just go around gun game knife everybody
and people are getting mad you know the
little kids calling me a hacker and
stuff like that that that video got a
lot of good feedback and i will post
more videos like that i'll try to make
you know the next one even funnier try
to get more people in the lobby i'm
going to make sure like everybody before
i start recording everybody in like the
love you have a headset and people will
be talking and everything so that'll be
super funny and i'll try to put like
subtitles and edited like it'll just be
amazing but there's another video that i
wanted to put out there actually was
like a series type of thing which was
the random clash generator of black ops
i don't know if people really want to
see that you know i don't x jaws did it
I don't think it got like good feedback
I don't know if people thought that was
boring but yeah i'm going to do that
just because i'm not going to use the
soul rifles like 24 7 in black ops i'm
trying to switch it up bring bring more
of a challenge bring more variety of
gameplays instead of just using like the
same old set up with like the Blackbird
the chopper gunner dogs and stuff like
that so yeah i'm going to be doing that
and you know that'll be a little bit
more interactive but i don't know if i
should do that like more often I don't
know which video to like post more if
like the gun game humiliations or maybe
like random clash generators and when I
was doing the RAM class generators I
also wanted people to like get involved
with that I wanted people to pretty much
like give me a class that they wanted to
use so it'll be like a random clash
generator / like peoples pick or
whatever of the class and yes stuff like
that you know I just wanted people to
get involved with it people get my
subscribers get involved with the videos
that I create and yeah you know those
are like the two big ideas that I have
the class generator and gun more gun
game humiliations try to get a lot of
those and yeah those will all be great
videos and you know I also wanted to do
another zombies a gameplay type of thing
to walk through I don't know if people
people are getting bored of zombies but
yeah recently I did the kino der toten
playthrough getting my syndicate on and
I yeah super happy that I'd like made
all the way to round 30 that was just
amazing but you know I was gonna her I
was thinking about doing five I don't
know if people who really like want to
watch a five game plan on if it's boring
to you because I haven't seen a lot of 5
gameplay on youtube so that's why I
wanted to do it and I've played five I
tried it out a couple times and yeah
that map is hard to play zombies on you
know i suck at that so if you guys want
to see me rage you know that'll be
that'll be really funny to watch and
stuff like that so i probably will be
doing another zombies type of thing on
the map 5 and yeah hopefully you guys
will enjoy those videos I'm looking I'm
looking forward to your feedback on this
video leave a comment tell me what you
want to see ya thank you for watching
the commentary so far even though I'm
sick you know thank you for bearing with
me and I'll see you guys next time